---
title: "how i'm feeling /now: 25-W26"
date: 2025-06-28
tags: ["now"]
publish: true
---

**life in one sentence**: slowing down for a second, but soon to pick back up.

I just finished college for the year. I passed my course, but I wasn't asked back for next year. Great.

Moving on so I don't think any more about that, 
I recently went to visit my local makerspace and got such a good vibe from them that I put an application in the next day.
There were multiple pride flags around the place, which is especially nice to see given Current Affairs.

oh speaking of..

### 🎧 MUSIC

THE NEW LORDE ALBUM IS FIRE, LISTEN TO IT.

I had the chance to go to a listening party for it at a record shop I hadn't been to before, but it was lovely! It didn't have the floor space for 50-75 ["girls", "gays", "both", "their mothers"] but we all made it work. I even got a poster :3

At the moment my favourite songs are What Was That, Current Affairs and Shapeshifter.

I've also been enjoying the new Loyle Carner album, "hopefully !" It's just *nice*. Hugo's still better though.

### I GUESS I'M A GIRLBOSS CEO NOW ?

I'm starting a company. It's called [Love Computer](https://lovecomputer.net). It'll (hopefully) provide good web design and hosting for people. If that sounds like something you want, email [contact@lovecomputer.net](mailto:contact@lovecomputer.net) and I'll get back to you.

### MUSIC ( BUT CREATING IT THIS TIME )

In my time at college, I made a cover of Radiohead's Fake Plastic Trees but made of ambient sounds instead. 
I'd release it but I feel like making a cover of 2+2=5 and releasing it as a cover for charity would be better, given that Thom Yorke is being an idiot again.

### TECHNOLOGY

I really want a thinkpad lmao

### CODE

A: see above

B: if you're reading this, ivy.rs v2 is now!

